# World_Weather_Analysis


Welcome
My trip is a top travel technology company that specializes in internet related services in the hotel and lodging industry. Jack is the head of analysis for the user interface team. He's asked you to help him collect and present data for ustomers via the search page, whcih they will then filter based on their ideal hotel anywhere. To perform this task, you will beusing a jupiter notebook and the city PI module to get the cities for more than 500 random latitudes and longitudes then ou will perform requests on the open weather map API and retrieve the chase on weather data. From these cities, the weather data. will be added to a Panda's data frame, where ou will use Matt plotlib to create a series of scatter plots to show the relationship between the latitude and a variety of weather parameters for over 500 cities around the us. As part of your analysis, you will need to perform statistical calculations on the data. Using linear regression on the weather parameters in the Northern and Southern hemispheres. This data will help your team predict the best time of year for people to plan their vacation. Finally, you will export the data, clean it and use the weather data to choose the best cities for a vacation based on certain weather criteria. And then map these cities using Jupiter G maps and the Google places API. Are you ready to help travelers find their ideal vacation spot? If so, pack your suitcase and let's get started.

Background 
Jack loves the PlanMyTrip app. Beta testers love it too. And, as with any new product, they’ve recommended a few changes to take the app to the next level. Specifically, they recommend adding the weather description to the weather data you’ve already retrieved in this module. Then, you'll have the beta testers use input statements to filter the data for their weather preferences, which will be used to identify potential travel destinations and nearby hotels. From the list of potential travel destinations, the beta tester will choose four cities to create a travel itinerary. Finally, using the Google Maps Directions API, you will create a travel route between the four cities as well as a marker layer map.
